

Hello everyone, my friends and welcome to the Art-Raid Channel, my name is DarkSun and today I have
prepared for you the most musical of the anime and the most anime of the musical
list of top ten Japanese animated picture soundtracks, so brew
tea/coffee and make yourself comfortable.

Today we will not just run through the list, which, by the way, turned out to be very non-trivial,
but we will also see live performances by musicians, so you will have the opportunity not only
discover new anime, but also meet the performers of those who have long been loved
tracks, as well as (attention) to rate how the author of the channel sings(that's me), so,surelly, see until the end)))
And before we start, I want to thank my subscribers Mia_KILLA and AsYxTeam, as well as
voice actor anilybria Sharon for help in compiling this top, so I urge you not to
be shy and also write in the comments under the video which anime and corresponding soundtracks
sunk into your soul and perhaps we will give each other more than one hour of beauty
moods, well, we start.

10. So, opens today's list with a song called Gurenge.
Opening for the first season of the series Demon Slayer will remain in my heart for a long time, as well as
the story of the main characters - brother and sister, who at a very young age lost the whole family and are
determined to take revenge on the thorny path of fighting demons both external and internal. And  a beautiful song, full of tenderness and at the same time power is performed by a lovely
 Japanese vocalist Lisa. By the way, we will see her today again, and now enjoy a fragment from her live performance.

9. And the ninth place today is occupied by Gungrave and a song from ending performed by a Japanese group
Scoobie Do.
In general, Gangrave is a serious crime drama, which I still consider one of the
the best works of art in their genre and musical accompaniment here
picked also great, but  I was surprised when I saw the Scoobie Do group,
having performed my favorite composition in this anime. However
I invite you to partake of these Japanese with me

8. And next in line is eighth place.
Ayashi No Ceres is a very old drama that came out already in 2000 and I watched it also very long time ago, around 2002, but the song from the introduction to my subconscious came up first,
when I first thought about creating this top, the melody really turned out to be catchy. Except the musical component of the series is also remembered for a rather non-trivial plot in which
love, selfish and religious conflicts are woven together, so if you are not frightened of
old drawing style I can recommend the Subliminal Ceres for viewing especially for lovers of drama. By the way, I found only one live performance of the original
singer Iwao Junko, and the song is called Scarlet.

7. And the seventh place today is taken by Yes, yes, yes it's Evangelion again . //???After my past video about
the best anime in history, which by the way can be viewed by a tooltip or by
reference in a fixed comment.???// So after my last video, many people wrote that Evangelion is very overestimated,  (I personally disagree with it), but I think that no one will
argue that the musical component is exactly on top, and the opening,undoubtedly,from the original series
is  legendary. So now it's Song A Cruel Angel's Genesis performed by Japanese singer Yoko Takahashi

6. And in sixth place today the series Stray Dogs and a song from the ending Kaze ga fuku machi Japanese
by Japanese band Luck Life.
During the preparation of this list, I must admit that I was imbued with the work of the Luck Life group and
for a long time I decided which song to add here. There were two main contenders: the song Namae wo yobu
yo from the ending of the first season and Kaze ga fuku machi from the second, which was chosen at last.
I would especially like to note the bassist who, thanks to his incredible musicality and
charisma rivets the attention of listeners both to music and to the video sequence.
As for the anime itself, I  have words to describe what is happening in it,
so I recommend everyone to watch at least the first season, especially since the series is not yet
finished and in 2023, new episodes of the 4th season continue to be released.

5. And we are moving on and in turn fifth place.
The Last Seraphim is one of those anime I hadn't watched until I started preparing this top, but the music from the first season's ending just left me no choice. Song
ScapeGoat incredibly accurately conveys the whole storm of emotions of the main characters and
allows you to experience this story over and over again after watching the series. Despite
the hackneyed topic of confronting people with vampires and demons the authors of
The last seraphim manages to skillfully manipulate the feelings of the viewer without stopping to
follow the fate of the main characters. And since the series is relatively new and has an excellent
stylish graphics, I can definitely recommend it for viewing to absolutely everyone, as lovers 
bloody fights and lovers of dramatic denouements.
By the way, the song ScapeGoat can be listened to in Russian performed by Jackie-O, link I
leave in the description.

4. And the fourth place today is occupied by Naruto and the song Blue Bird.
I must admit that I myself haven't all the episodes. And despite
the fact that Naruto ranks first in all possible ratings, it seemed to me too
childish, so I think it should come to the audience younger. Well, the song Blue Bird, which
first sounded in the opening of the second season of Naruto will forever remain in my heart and in
to the hearts of millions of fans around the world.  And for now I suggest watching a live performance
Ikimono-Gakari, who recorded this song.

3. And so imperceptibly we got to the top three.
So, the honorable third place today is occupied by the anime Steel Alchemist and the song Ready Steady Go
The Japanese group, whose name is difficult for me to even say, gave the world one of the most
recognizable soundtracks in the anime world. Ready Steady Go is one of those few songs, 
which lyrics fans from all over the world sing without knowing practically a single word in Japanese.
I told about the series itself in my previous video, which you can watch
by clicking on the link in the fixed comment. I can only notice that the track I selected
sounded in opening for the original 2003 series. Now  enjoy the live performance
of one of the most charismatic group from Japan.

2. And the second place is taken by the series Angelic Rhythms and the song Ichiban no Takaramono performed by
Japanese singer LiSA, which I have already mentioned today. In general, this anime is literally full of musical hits due to its amazing plot and for the top you could choose
several tracks at once, which I did by the way, and an experienced animator cleared it even in
intro)), but I settled on the song Ichiban no Takaramono (whatever that means) since
it is she who makes even the most severe men burst into tears, so piercing. A combination of melody, voice and drama is really unbelievable. And although in the beginning, the plot seems to be a bit chaotic and disconnected, closer to the end all parts of the puzzle are assembled and
the viewer with the beloved heroes. Therefore, with a high degree of probability
after the ending you will review the best moments of your favorite moments. And now I offer to
//???prepare handkerchiefs???// and enjoy a live performance of Ichiban Takaramono in
execution LiSA.

1. Well, the winner today is the song Komm, süsser Tod, aka Come Sweet Death to
the film is the end of Evangelion. Godlike Evangelion.
In my opinion, this is the best composition from the entire franchise. In general, all parts, including the
original series of the 96th year and full-length film The End of Evangelion of the 97th as well ass 
later remakes are accompanied by an incredible of genuine
musical compositions, both instrumental and vocal. And the song Komm, süsser Tod
(Come Sweet Death), composed by composer Shiro Sagisu, I have chosen cause it seems to me to be very much similar
to Canon D Maj's a classic masterpiece by 17th-century German composer Johann 
Pachelbel, and also because it sounds at a crucial moment of the history of Evangelion and
together with the denouement gives hope to the viewer after a long depressive climax, combining
thus, several layers of human culture at once, including classical music,
modern arrangement and modern animation, as well as the most advanced
philosophical and religious research. An interesting fact about the song - the performer of the original song was German singer Ariel Schreiber, who is very far from the anime industry and
touched her only for 3 short days while recording in a studio in Japan. Her
musical preferences can be judged by the songs she is currently performing.And since I couldn't find Come Sweet Death in Ariel's live performance, I decided to sing one
from my favorite songs myself, so I ask you to hate my version too much.
//??And for this I refuse??//, thank you for watching the video to the end, like, subscribe
to channel and share your impressions in the comments.It was Dark Sun ,hope see you later.


10 - Demon Slayer/Demon-cutting blade/2019 -... Artist: Lisa, Track: Gurenge
9 - Gungrave/Gangrave/2003. Artist: Scoobie Do, Track: Akane iro-Ga Moeru Toki.
8 - Ayashi No Ceres/Suspicious Ceres/2000. Artist: Iwao Junko, Track: Scarlet
7 - Evangelion/Evangelion/1995-1996 Artist: Yoko Takahashi, Track: A Cruel Angel's Genesis
6 - Bungou Stray Dogs/Stray Dogs/2016 -... Artist: Luck Life, Track: Kaze ga fuku machi
5 - Seraph of the end/Last Seraphim/2015. Artist: SawanoHiroyuki [nZk], Track:
scaPEGoat, Russian version: Jackie-O
4 - Fullmetal Alchemist/Steel Alchemist/2003-2004, Artist: L'Arc～en～Ciel Track: READY
STEADY GO
3 - Naruto/Naruto/2002-... Artist: Ikimono-Gakari, Track: Blue Bird, Russian version: Ai More
2 - Angel beats, Artist: LiSA, Track: Ichiban no Takaramono
1 - The End Of Evangelion/1997 - Komm, süsser Tod (Come Sweet Death)
Performers: Arianne Schreiber/May'n